# Revival of everything

Welcome to my GitHub, which was created on February 22, 2020, to share my story with minecraft and my experience in minecraft mod development(So on the other hand, if you want to see professional programming source files, you can leave now).Make progress with more friends who just started to learn how to make mod, and hope to get the guidance of professionals.

As a player who has played minecraft for 8 years, I didn't really get to know this game until 2019. When I was in junior high school, I first came into contact with this game. 

At that time, I got the first iPhone in my life. In the meantime, the PE version of minecraft has been released. My classmates recommended this game to me and told me that it would be more interesting to play on PC. And then, we used Hamachi to open the minecraft server of version 1.2.5, and played for two years, Experienced 1.2.5, 1.3.2, 1.3.4, 1.4.2, 1.4.6, 1.5.2, 1.7.2, etc.

It can be said that I became a part of promoting minecraft's development in China when minecraft began to be popular. Now I still remember the picture when I first entered minecraft. My spawn was at a seaside, I stand on a square sand beside which tree has square leaves, square trunk. It's refreshing to me but simple. Just as I recommend this game to people around me.

Minecraft didn't have many mods at that time, not even many textures and lighting effects. It didn't have the thrill of many 3D games, and it didn't have the image quality of those games. It's even hard to play multiplayer games. 

I remember the house I first time made, to be exact, is a tower like building. It is carved out of a high mountain. Yes, it is dug from the top of a mountain layer by layer. Now I think I was stupid, but this is the charm of minecraft. You don't have to create. You can just transform it on the basis of the map. 

Due to the lack of understanding of the game mechanism, I just stayed in how to build houses with stones and wood for a long time, so that I didn't even see the Ender Dragon. After several of my classmates tell me that they had set up a server and invite me to play together,I finally know the interesting place of the game. Minecraft is the game which also made me Give up playing CrossFire. Gradually, I fell in love with this game. The version update at that time didn't change much. Of course, compared with the current version, it's quite different (after all, 1.16 has already appeared), so I gradually felt boring and monotonous, because I was not a Redstone player at that time (I'm not a Redstone player now ＼( ´・∧・｀)／ ）After defeating the Ender Dragon, we could only farm, fish and build houses. Then we started to look for mod. This magical thing could make minecraft have more items and blocks (that's how I understood the meaning of mod at that time, and I didn't even know that games were composed of lot of line of code...) Gradually, I came into contact with mods of foreign: IC2, IC2EX, Twilight Forest, Thaumcraft4, etc. These Mods have kept me paying attention to minecraft all the time. However, due to my studies, I had to give up this game in high school. 

Four years later, I went to university. In the beginning of my college life, I want to play minecraft again (also my middle school classmates). I search minecraft on Baidu. The first thing I see is the version of minecraft agency by Netease. But I know that it is not the real minecraft (though they are almost identical) Although it provides the convenience of set up server, I can't add my favorite mod. It makes me feel the closeness of the chinese development of minecraftmod. Netease's minecraft only adds some plug-ins and some small games on the basis of the original version (although I understand that NetEase has begun to specializes in minecraftmod development by using developer tools recently. but I still think the development environment is very closed). 

We first tried the Bedrock Edition, this edition allows PE and PC data interflow. This is a great progress. Unfortunately, this version does not support the installation of mod, and soon we gave up. We still like the Java Edition, so my classmates did not hesitate to save the map file and converted into Java Edition. We bought a server on Taobao and started our next minecraft trip. However, there are few people to play. Two months later, we gave up because the server was too expensive.

One year later, two months ago (2020/1/7), I plan to open my own server instead of relying on my classmates. During this period, I have learned from the previous server I had play before: server official website production, set up panel service, set up VPS service (I have tried Sponge and Mohist), integration of server and client, and familiar with PlotSquared, WorldEditWrapper, Dynmap, etc. I even thought about set up a personal cloud storage, but I had to give up a lot of ideas due to the limitation of time and personal ability. In order to improve the aesthetic of minecraft architecture, I passed the examination and became the junior architect of China national architect server(cthuwork) on February 8, 2020. Now, I have put my goal into the production of minecraft mod……

Before creating this repository, I was just beginning to learn how to make minecraft mod, but I found that making minecraft mod is not easy for a Chinese:

First, there are very few resources. Searching for the tutorial of mod production and its code in Baidu, a well-known search engine in China, is basically nothing. At present, I am studying the mod development tutorial of Fludgexu, and then I read some tutorials of other domestic people. Find that most of them are the same. It's nothing more than the set up of development environment or how to create the first item, first block or how to set GUI and so on. These are not enough for me to develop a mod, so when I want to realize a function, I find it difficultly to find a solution in the domestic website basically;

Second, there are few discussions on the mod development in China. What Chinese players can see in the forum is how to install and use mods, compare the advantages and disadvantages of various mods, to solve the bugs in the game generally. Many people just like to make modpack, but I don't think so. I want to make my own mod, because different people have different ideas. In my opinion, at present, there are no mods that can meet my requirements, even some modpack with rich mods. Maybe I have grandiose aims but puny abilities, I also think lots of people have same idea as me at the beginning. No one makes mods for mod, the developer just want to create a world which has their own items, rules and biological, etc.

Third,I am an amateur who just have a low understanding of Java, without professional Java programming technology (By the way, my specialitiy is Electrical Engineering), but the good thing is that I should still have some artistic cells, which is a good thing for material production, and I will continue to learn java to improve my programming ability.

So let me introduce the mod I want to make. Throughout all kinds of mods used by Chinese servers，few of them talk about Chinese elements, even if any, just pieced together with many modpacks (I did see some mods about Chinese swordsman in some commercial servers), but chivalry culture is only a part of chinese civilization. There is not much mention of the 5000 year history that Chinese people are proud of. If this kind of mod is given to foreign players, they will never understand it. So I want to make a mod with Chinese elements in the name of "Revival of everything". I know a little about Chinese history (of course, I'm not a professional historian, but I'll try my best to read the literature as long as I need). There are many contents of this mod. It covers a wide range of things. Texture may be one of its major characteristics, it will also not lack weapons and equipment. 

First of all, I read the ancient Chinese book "The Classic of Mountains and Seas" and try to find something about ancient China's mythology. And then I learned about "Ancient ten artifact". They are the items that set up in which game names "XuanYuan Sword:The Scar of the Sky" launched in Taiwan on December 2, 2000. This discovery gave me an clue immediately……
